- In this part of the course I have an assignment for you.
One of the things I want to teach you
is not only the happy path of things
that are pristine and work all the time,
but I want to give you some challenges
of things that are broken.
In this part of the course I have an assignment for you.
In the resources you will find a link to a Dockerfile
and a JAR file and this Dockerfile is broken,
so it will not build the image from that Dockerfile.
So your assignment is to go in and fix that,
discover what the error is
and fix that and get this Dockerfile to build an image.
Like I said, I don't want to show you
happy path all the time, so this is intentionally broken
for you to go in and learn and detect the error
and figure out what's wrong with it
and move forward from there.
In the next section of the course I'll go through,
do a quick code review and show you
exactly what was wrong with that Dockerfile.
(dance beat)